Talk, people, wait, people who want
Too much cocaine was not oral 12
it was not me I'm passing on to you today 1
g key
The car is attached to the floor and
week with this is a difficult car is
handling this here it's in the hand we go
up cas and leto mano do not hit the road
rate reaches the race is not any type
competition takes place in this race
competition type
she's just to get to the place arrives
at the place I'm going to choose a race
against other mothers with go karts and you
they will see the stage half of the gallery because
This car is in my hand, I ran with it.
a scheme with 101 line with him hand
I will continue in the channel of the regime and
ask how that Hispanic beauty
car is very on hand every race
circuit of those team races
Bro
the cart dominated meteu 3 4 seconds in
The guys on the radio had a
good car is also is now do not remember
a heat there in that cart but not
It's like you do not have to like this boy anymore.
He's very strong and very stuck.
guys that this is very crazy SETAP
will be in the description of a
improvement is for you to carry
Your car will be in the description and
Let's go vote for it by choosing here
the clues on the tracks there is not the event that
We're going to run in castelletto.
appeared four sun events
Let's choose what's most
our fault because Moscow is not a car of
stay on the ground
Paul the daughter and if that jet thing
I do not like to record this one here.
Earth
guys this one is 100% on the road
Geez, let's go there and take
keep holding keep holding up
car guys here you
when you get the car and you like it
to send a liquid video understood I
I wrote a stereo comment , the car is
on the hand but the car is in the
tea drt class a amano control 7.0
I have others it is more than the serve but
none and I still can not care, maybe I
I'm going to make this black charge here.
but I have not taken this charlie henry
mano goes by me it 's the car that stern
indicated is the car you are going to stay
mano and another one is not you with the car
destination online will look for you
but I'm not even going to ride in that car.
guy who the author is directed file
so just pick up the
expensive carts
reminding you and the crew that
difficulty here on live channel
It's all that way, everything.
off is only the line that is only
braking the return guys only
I hope this line does not know what
It used to be coconut in my work at nothing.
the line aiea us then you know that
was invincible a new clutch 100
hundred cents without anything to do with it, let's go there
Rank 9 Grandpa Try not to knock
we were in the face with the very clean staff
for us to achieve
the victory was good
I hope there's a cleaning crew
wrap up your summer flowers
people should be cleaning
will hold
opa
Let's go to New York.
now we now have passed second
came the first alert when the car in the
hand she can not feel it is
that the car is not escaping I give only
One touch on the brakes and just for the
ensure that it does not go into the bush
one more year is in the hand there we will pass
this sucker
the champion and ocara look audacity son
O man and spent the year was and came to do
everyone
not invincible galley to be
even any hesitation any opa
Anything that you expect the
face the galera cola even gives a cut
good here
joão monteiro joão monteiro goes
populate to keep me aloof
add're sends sends message
Are you saying you're here?
channel and to add at least that
if you do not have online when
When I go running multiplayer through
less a consensus name is gamer tag
will appear in the videos there joão monteiro
the spirit I have even participated in a
My video and that's it, guys we finished
first, the arrow is this - oh no
have no one
does anybody gets the crowd SETAP
the video description if you liked the
video gives a like is not together there not
for newspapers 12
tomorrow you probably have a video of
the kill I do not know if it is a difficulty
to record what you not so
imagining then it's okay, I'll go
staying here talked